U.S. Army-Carthy Hearings (1954)
With the Cold War as a backdrop, U.S. Senator Joseph McCarthy gave his name to an era (McCarthyism) by fanning the flames of anticommunist hysteria with sensational but unproven charges of communist subversion in high government circles, while the House Un-American Activities Committee investigated alleged communist activities in the entertainment industry. McCarthy’s influence waned in 1954 when a nationally televised 36-day hearing on his charges of subversion by U.S. Army officers and civilian officials exposed his brutal interrogative tactics.

Assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr. (1968)
At the center of the widespread social and political upheaval of the 1960s were the civil rights movement, opposition to the Vietnam War, the emergence of a youth-oriented counterculture, and the establishment and reactionary elements that pushed back against change. The April 4, 1968, assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr., the most prominent civil rights leader, revealed the tragic, violent consequences that could result from a country’s political polarization.

Watergate Scandal (1972-74)
On August 9, 1974Ѧacing likely impeachment for his role in covering up the scandal surrounding the break-in at the Democratic National Committee (DNC) headquarters in the Watergate complex in Washington, D.C., in June 1972 - Republican Richard Nixon became the only U.S. president to resign. The loss of faith in government officials that resulted from the scandal suffused both popular and political culture with paranoia and disillusionment for the remainder of the decade.

PATCO Strike (1981)
U.S. President Ronald Reagan’s triumph over the strike by the Professional Air Traffic Controllers Organization (PATCO) in August 1981 played a pivotal role in the long-term weakening of the power of labor unions and helped set the tenor for his administration. Reagan’s ascent to the presidency in 1980 had much to do with his rhetorical ability to break the cloud of gloom caused by Watergate. This abetted his efforts to implement supply-side (monetarist) economic policies predicated on the notion that lower taxes on wealthy “job creators” would create a rising tide that would lift all boats. Critics argued that the wealth created during the decade never “trickled down” to the rank and file.
