Battle of New Orleans (1815)
On January 8, 1815, a ragtag army under the command of Andrew Jackson decisively defeated British forces in the Battle of New Orleans, even though the War of 1812 had actually already ended. News of the Treaty of Ghent (December 24, 1814) had yet to reach the combatants. The American victory made a national figure of future president Jackson and contributed to the widespread perception that the U.S. had won the war, but in truth the conflict was effectively a draw, and the issues that had brought it on were largely unresolved.

Monroe Doctrine (1823)
The Era of Good Feelings (roughly 1815-25), a period of American prosperity and isolationism, was in full swing when U.S. President James Monroe articulated a set of principles in 1823 that decades later would be called the Monroe Doctrine. According to the policy, the United States would not intervene in European affairs, but likewise it would not tolerate further European colonization in the Americas or European interference in the governments of the American hemisphere. It is questionable whether the U.S. at the time had the might to back up its swagger, but later, as a world power, it would implement a broad interpretation of the doctrine in its sphere of influence.

Era of the Common Man (1829-37)
Andrew Jackson, U.S. president from 1829 to 1837, was said to have ushered in the Era of the Common Man. But while suffrage had been broadly expanded beyond men of property, it was not a result of Jackson’s efforts. Despite the careful propagation of his image as a champion of popular democracy and as a man of the people, he was much more likely to align himself with the influential than with the have-nots, with the creditor than with the debtor. Jacksonian democracy talked a good game for people on the street but delivered little.

Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo (1848)
Signed on February 2, 1848, the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo brought to a close the Mexican-American War (1846-48) and seemingly fulfilled the Manifest Destiny of the United States championed by President James K. Polk by adding 525,000 square miles of formerly Mexican land to the U.S. territory.
