Stock Market Crash (1929)
“The chief business of the American people is business,” U.S. President Calvin Coolidge said in 1925. And with the American economy humming during the Roaring Twenties (the Jazz Age), peace and prosperity reigned in the United States… until it didn’t. The era came to a close in October 1929 when the stock market crashed, setting the stage for years of economic deprivation and calamity during the Great Depression.

FDR’s First Fireside Chat (1933)
In 1933 at least one-fourth of the U.S. workforce was unemployed when the administration of President Franklin D. Roosevelt first took on the ravages of the Great Depression with the New Deal, a federal government program that sought to bring about immediate economic relief as well as reforms in industry, agriculture, finance, labor, and housing. On March 12, 1933, Roosevelt gave the first in a long series (1933-44) of straightforward informal radio addresses, the fireside chats, which were initially intended to garner support for the New Deal but eventually contributed to reformulating the American social mentality from one of despair to one of hope during a time of multiple crises, including the Great Depression and World War II.

The Atomic Bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki (1945)
Having again stayed out of the initial stages of a worldwide conflict, the U.S. entered World War II on the side of the Allies following the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor (December 1941). In August 1945, with the war in Europe over and U.S. forces advancing on Japan, U.S. President Harry S. Truman ushered in the nuclear era by choosing to drop atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki, Japan, in the hope that the terrible destruction unleashed would prevent the even greater loss of life that seemed likely with a protracted island-by-island invasion of Japan.

U.S. Army-Carthy Hearings (1954)
With the Cold War as a backdrop, U.S. Senator Joseph McCarthy gave his name to an era (McCarthyism) by fanning the flames of anticommunist hysteria with sensational but unproven charges of communist subversion in high government circles, while the House Un-American Activities Committee investigated alleged communist activities in the entertainment industry. McCarthy’s influence waned in 1954 when a nationally televised 36-day hearing on his charges of subversion by U.S. Army officers and civilian officials exposed his brutal interrogative tactics.
