Dred Scott Decision (1857)
The 1850s were awash in harbingers of the American Civil War - from the Compromise of 1850, which temporarily forestalled North-South tensions, to John Brown’s Harpers Ferry Raid, which ramped them up. Arguably, though, by stoking abolitionist indignation in an increasingly polarized country, the U.S. Supreme Court’s Dred Scott decision set the table for the 1860 election of Abraham Lincoln as president, which ultimately precipitated secession and war.

Battle of Gettysburg (1863)
In July 1863, the year of the Emancipation Proclamation, in the small Pennsylvania crossroads town of Gettysburg, Robert E. Lee’s invading Army of Northern Virginia sustained a defeat so devastating that it sealed the fate of the Confederacy and its “peculiar institution.” Within two years the war was over, and before the end of the decade the South was temporarily transformed by Reconstruction.

Battle of the Little Bighorn (1876)
While the country celebrated its anniversary at the Philadelphia Centennial Exposition, on June 25, 1876, the 7th Cavalry under the command of Lieutenant Colonel George Armstrong Custer was vanquished by Lakota and Northern Cheyenne warriors led by Sitting Bull in the Battle of the Little Bighorn. Although it was a major victory for the Northern Plains people against U.S. expansionism, the battle marked the beginning of the end of Native American sovereignty over the West.

Haymarket Affair (1886)
The wealth-concentrating practices of the “robber barons,” who oversaw the burst of industrial activity and corporate growth during the Gilded Age of the late 19th century, was countered by the rise of organized labor led by the Knights of Labor. However, when a protest meeting related to one of the nearly 1,600 strikes conducted during 1886 was disrupted by the explosion of a bomb that killed seven policemen at the Haymarket Riot in Chicago, many people blamed the violence on organized labor, which went into decline until the turn of the century.

