PATCO Strike (1981)
U.S. President Ronald Reagan’s triumph over the strike by the Professional Air Traffic Controllers Organization (PATCO) in August 1981 played a pivotal role in the long-term weakening of the power of labor unions and helped set the tenor for his administration. Reagan’s ascent to the presidency in 1980 had much to do with his rhetorical ability to break the cloud of gloom caused by Watergate. This abetted his efforts to implement supply-side (monetarist) economic policies predicated on the notion that lower taxes on wealthy “job creators” would create a rising tide that would lift all boats.

September 11 Attacks (2001)
Although terrorist attacks had been directed at the United States at the end of the 20th century, a new sense of vulnerability was introduced into American life on September 11, 2001, when Islamist terrorists crashed hijacked planes into the World Trade Center in New York City, the Pentagon in Washington, D.C., and the Pennsylvania countryside, resulting in the deaths of nearly 3,000 people.

Election of Donald Trump (2016)
Since at least the 1980s, the U.S. had been politically polarized by so-called culture wars that symbolically divided the country into Republican-dominated red states(typically characterized as conservative, God-fearing, and opposed to big government, abortion, and same-sex marriage) and Democrat-dominated blue states (theoretically liberal, secular, politically correct, and for legal abortion access). The 2016 election of Republican Donald Trump - whose presidential campaign was grounded in nationalism and anti-immigrant rhetoric - could been seen then as a reaction against the seeming triumph of blue-state values during the two-term presidency (2009-77) of the United States’ first African American president, Democrat Barack Obama.

COVID-19 Pandemic
In early 2020, life in the United States and around the world was turned upside down by the arrival of the COVID-19 global pandemic. For more than two years, preventive measures such as lockdowns, social distancing, mask wearing, and vaccine passports became the “new normal,” as local and national governments sought to prevent the spread of the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), which causes COVID-19, the potentially deadly disease that claimed more than one million American lives by May 2022.
