Declaration of Independence (1776)
The centrality of the Declaration of Independence (1776) to the developments of the 1770s is self-evident. From the Boston Tea Party to the shot heard round the world, Washington’s crossing of the Delaware River, and the Valley Forge winter, the American Revolution’s pursuit of liberty was made meaningful by the founding document of the great American experiment in democracy.

Constitution of the United States of America (1787)
With the war won, independence secured, and the Articles of Confederation proving inadequate, the Founding Fathers laid down the law by which the new country would be governed in the elegantly crafted Constitution, which, depending on one’s perspective, was meant either to evolve to meet changing circumstances or to be strictly interpreted to adhere to the Founders original intent.

Whiskey Rebellion (1794)
As the new country began finding its feet, U.S. President George Washington sent troops to western Pennsylvania in 1794 to quell the Whiskey Rebellion, an uprising by citizens who refused to pay a liquor tax that had been imposed by Secretary of Treasury Alexander Hamilton to raise money for the national debt and to assert the power of the national government. Federalists cheered the triumph of national authority, while members of Thomas Jefferson Republican (later Democratic-Republican) Party were appalled by what they saw as government overreach. More than two centuries later, the names and faces have changed, but the story is ongoing.

Louisiana Purchase (1803)
The Louisiana Territory, the huge swath of land (more than 800,000 square miles) that made up the western Mississippi River basin, passed from French colonial rule to Spanish colonial rule and then back to the French before U.S. President Thomas Jefferson pried it away from Napoleon in 1803 for a final price of some $27 million. Out of it were carved, in their entirety, the states of Louisiana, Missouri, Arkansas, Iowa, North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska, and Oklahoma along with most of Kansas, Colorado, Wyoming, Montana, and Minnesota. Exploring the land acquired through the Louisiana Purchase gave Lewis and Clark something to do for two years.
