Plessy v. Ferguson (1896)
With the end of Reconstruction in the 1870s, the enactment of Jim Crow laws enforced racial segregation in the South. In its 7б decision in the Plessy v. Ferguson case in May 1896, the U.S. Supreme Court gave constitutional sanction to laws designed to achieve racial segregation by means of separate and supposedly equal public facilities and services for African Americans and whites, thus providing a controlling judicial precedent that would endure until the 1950s.

Breakup of Northern Securities (1902-04)
In 1902 U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt pursued the Progressive goal of curbing the enormous economic and political power of the giant corporate trusts by resurrecting the nearly defunct Sherman Antitrust Act to bring a lawsuit that led to the breakup of a huge railroad conglomerate, the Northern Securities Company (ordered by the U.S. Supreme Court in 1904). Roosevelt pursued this policy of “trust-busting” by initiating suits against 43 other major corporations during the next seven years.

Sinking of the Lusitania (1915)
As World War I raged in Europe, most Americans, including U.S. President Woodrow Wilson, remained determined to avoid involvement and committed to neutrality, though the U.S. economy had benefited greatly from supplying food, raw material, and guns and ammunition to the Allies. More than any other single event, the sinking of the unarmed British ocean liner, the Lusitania, by a German submarine on May 7, 1915 (killing, among others, 128 Americans), prompted the U.S. to join the war on the side of the Allies. Leaving behind its isolationism, the U.S. became a global superpower, though by decade’s end it would recoil from membership in the fledgling League of Nations.

Stock Market Crash (1929)
“The chief business of the American people is business,” U.S. President Calvin Coolidge said in 1925. And with the American economy humming during the Roaring Twenties (the Jazz Age), peace and prosperity reigned in the United States… until it didn’t. The era came to a close in October 1929 when the stock market crashed, setting the stage for years of economic deprivation and calamity during the Great Depression.

