The 1874 Nova Scotia general election was held on 17 December 1874 to elect members of the 26th House of Assembly of the Province of Nova Scotia, Canada. It was won by the Liberal party. The December 1981 windstorm was a severe storm that particularly affected southern England, Wales and south west France during 13 December 1981. 
The storm formed as a secondary low.
In England, the storm started with violent winds and snow, which reached Cornwall during the morning. Prior to its arrival a number of record low temperatures were reached for December, with -25.1C at RAF Shawbury in Shropshire and -5.9C in Southampton.
In the evening spring tides combined with a 1.45 m (4.8 ft) storm surge resulted in the highest water levels recorded in the Bristol Channel since the start of the 20th century. Water from melting snow, caused by milder weather accompanying the depression, added to the flooding. The maximum surge at Hinkley Point was measured at 1.3 metres (4 ft 3 in) above the 7.4 metres (24 ft) tidal level Ordnance Datum (OD) at 2025 hours, and 1.3 metres (4 ft 3 in) measured at Avonmouth. The wind was measured at 40 knots (74 km/h; 46 mph) from the west. Over topping of the sea defences along a 7 miles (11 km) stretch of the North Somerset coast at 22 locations from Clevedon to Porlock began after 19:30, and continued until about 21:30 when the wind speed had reached 50 knots (93 km/h; 58 mph) from the west. Although there was no loss of life, the resultant flooding covered 12,500 acres (5,100 ha) of land, affecting 1072 houses and commercial properties, with £150,000 worth of livestock killed and £50,000 of feed and grain destroyed. Wessex Water Authority estimated the total cost of the damage caused at £6m, resulting in a three-year programme of sea defence assessment, repair and improvement.
In France, the storm caused widespread flooding in the south west, causing considerable damage in the river basins of the Garonne and Adour and flooding the city of Bordeaux.
The MV Bonita, an 8000 tonne Ecuadorian cargo ship sailing from Hamburg to Panama was caught in the storm in the English Channel. 29 were rescued from the ship, 4 by helicopter until the storm was too strong for the helicopter to operate. The remaining crew were rescued by the Guernsey lifeboat, however there were 2 fatalities.
Water entered the cooling water pump house of Hinkley Point nuclear power station, causing a shut-down for weeks after the storm.
The Bituminous coal strike of 1977-1978 was a 110-day national coal strike in the United States led by the United Mine Workers of America. It began December 6, 1977, and ended on March 19, 1978. It is generally considered a successful union strike, although the contract was not beneficial to union members.
Since the 1940s, the United Mine Workers of America (UMWA) had negotiated a nationwide National Coal Wage Agreement with the Bituminous Coal Operators Association (BCOA), a group of large coal mine operators. The three-year agreements covered national bargaining issues such as wages, health and pension benefits, workplace health and safety, and work rules. Local agreements, far more limited in scope, were negotiated by each individual local affiliate of UMWA.
The 2011 Philadelphia, Mississippi Tornado was an extremely powerful and fast-moving multi-vortex tornado that touched down in eastern Mississippi on the afternoon of April 27, 2011. Part of the historic 2011 Super Outbreak, the largest tornado outbreak on record, this was the first of four EF5 tornadoes to touch down that day and the first such storm in Mississippi since the 1966 Candlestick Park tornado. While on the ground for 30 minutes, it traveled along a 28.28-mile (45.51 km) path through four counties, leaving behind three deaths, eight injuries, and $1.1 million in damage.
The supercell thunderstorm that produced this tornado formed around 1:00 p.m. CDT south of Jackson, Mississippi. Traveling briskly to the northeast, it became severe within 25 minutes and potentially tornadic by 1:36 p.m. CDT. A tornado finally touched down at 2:30 p.m. CDT just east of the Philadelphia Municipal Airport. It quickly intensified and began producing EF5 damage by 2:38 p.m. CDT; extreme ground scouring, up to .5 metres (1.6 ft) deep in places, occurred in northeastern Neshoba County. After crossing into Kemper County, the tornado obliterated a mobile home, killing all three inside. It reached EF5 strength a second time near the Kemper-Winston county line where extreme ground scouring again took place and pavement was scoured from roads. Extensive tree damage took place elsewhere along the track and it ultimately dissipated at 3:00 p.m. CDT about 6 miles (9.7 km) north of Mashulaville.
The 1984 Cherry Bowl was a post-season American college football bowl game at the Silverdome in Pontiac, Michigan between the Army Cadets and the Michigan State Spartans on December 22, 1984. The game was the final contest of the 1984 NCAA Division I-A football season for both teams, and ended in a 10-6 victory for Army.
The Alpinale Short Film Festival (German: Alpinale Kurzfilmfestival) is a film festival in Bludenz, Vorarlberg (Austria). The short film festival draws around 1,000 visitors to Bludenz. Every year, about 30 hand-picked international short films are screened. The best films are awarded the Golden Unicorn.
From 1985 to 2002, the festival took place in Bludenz, and from 2003 to 2019 in Nenzing. In 2020, the festival will be held in Bludenz again. The 35th Alpinale took place between 11 and 15 August 2020 under strict regulations to prevent infections with Covid-19.
The film language of all short films at the Alpinale is played in the original sound. For foreign language films, subtitles are displayed, while some English films are only provided without subtitles.
The upcoming 36th Alpinale will take place between 8 and 12 August 2023.
The Russian financial crisis (also called the ruble crisis or the Russian flu) began in Russia on 17 August 1998. It resulted in the Russian government and the Russian Central Bank devaluing the ruble and defaulting on its debt. The crisis had severe impacts on the economies of many neighboring countries.
The Little Nine Partners Patent was a land patent granted in 1706 in Dutchess County, New York, United States.  It was the last of fourteen patents granted between 1685 and 1706 which came to cover the entirety of historic Dutchess County (which until 1812 included today's Putnam County).
The first ten, granted between 1685 and 1697, covered almost all of Hudson River shoreline in the original county, with three - Rombouts, the Great Nine Partners, and Philipse Patents, extending significantly inland. The eleventh, and smallest, Cuyler, 1697, was the first to contain solely inland territory, just in from the Hudson. The twelfth, and next smallest, Fauconnier, in 1703, completed the Hudson River shoreline.  The last two, Beekman, 1705, and the Little Nine Partners, 1706, laid claim to the remaining interior lands.
The 2007 Korean FA Cup, known as the 2007 Hana Bank FA Cup, was the twelfth edition of the Korean FA Cup.
The 19th annual Venice International Film Festival was held from 24 August to 7 September 1958.
No OCIC Award was given this year due to the "unusual immorality" of the films.
Kerem Shalom border crossing is a border crossing at the junction of two border sections: one between the Gaza Strip and Israel, and one between the Gaza Strip and Egypt. It is used by trucks carrying goods from Israel or Egypt to the Gaza Strip.
The Battle of Pingxingguan, commonly called the Great Victory of Pingxingguan in Mainland China, was an engagement fought on 25 September 1937, at the beginning of the Second Sino-Japanese War, between the Eighth Route Army of the Chinese Communist Party and the Imperial Japanese Army.
The battle resulted in the loss of 400 to 600 soldiers on both sides, but the Chinese captured 100 trucks full of supplies. The victory gave the Chinese Communists a tremendous boost since it was the only division-size battle that they fought during the entire war.
The Massachusetts Tests for Educator Licensure (MTEL) program was initiated by the Massachusetts Department of Education in 1998. It is part of a statewide education reform initiative for educators seeking pre-kindergarten to Grade 12 licenses. The MTEL program includes a test of communication and literacy skills as well as tests of subject matter knowledge. The tests are designed to ensure that Massachusetts educators can communicate adequately with students, parents/guardians, and other educators and that they are knowledgeable in the subject matter of the license sought. The MTEL program was expanded in November 2004 to include tests for candidates seeking vocational technical and adult basic education licenses.
The MTEL is developed, administered, and scored by National Evaluation Systems, Inc. (NES), which is now known as the Evaluation Systems group of Pearson Education.  Tests are scored on a criterion-based system, where examinees must attain a certain score based on standards established by the state. Constructed (written & oral) components of the tests are scored using a focused holistic scoring model (similar to holistic grading).  Like regular holistic scoring, responses are viewed for their overall quality, not just for individual mistakes.  However this is done according to specific criteria that the state has established (i.e., grammar, support, etc.).  These criteria vary by test and assignment.
It is accepted in a few other states as a credential for teaching. The MTEL is a unique set of tests, whereas all other states in New England use the Praxis test, which have been adopted by 40 other states.
There is no national plastic bag fee or ban currently in effect in the United States. However, the states of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Hawaii (de facto), Maine, New Jersey, New York, Oregon, Rhode Island, Vermont and Washington and the territories of American Samoa, Guam, Northern Mariana Islands, United States Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico have banned disposable bags. Over 200 counties and municipalities have enacted ordinances either imposing a fee on plastic bags or banning them outright, including all counties in Hawaii.
Some attempts at banning plastic shopping bags statewide (for example in Massachusetts, though as of May 2023, 162 of the 301 cities and towns in the state have done so) have not succeeded mainly due to plastic industry lobbying. A few jurisdictions have chosen to implement a fee-only approach to bag reduction such as Washington, D.C., Montgomery County, Maryland, and certain counties and independent cities in Virginia. Some states, such as Florida, Arizona, and Missouri, have passed laws preventing local municipalities from passing their own bans. Some retailers have stopped using plastic bags ahead of government mandates.
The 2018 Varsity Cup was contested from 29 January to 16 April 2018. The tournament (known as the FNB Varsity Cup for sponsorship reasons) was the eleventh season of the Varsity Cup, an annual inter-university rugby union competition featuring South African universities.
The National Temperance Council was established in 1913 to coordinate the activities of numerous organizations in the temperance movement. Its purpose included the promotion of alcohol education. Its goal was the ratification of an amendment to the United States Constitution outlawing the manufacture, distribution and sale of alcoholic beverages throughout the country.
The National Temperance Council stated that it represented 14-15 million American citizens and had a membership of "22 organizations, church boards, and commissions", with representatives from major Christian denominations. Notable temperance organisations in the United States that held membership in the National Temperance and Prohibition Council included the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, Preferred Risk Mutual Insurance Company, International Organisation of Good Templars, American Temperance Society, and Prohibition Party.
The 1929 German Grand Prix was a Grand Prix motor race held at the Nürburgring on 14 July 1929.
The Vandalia Baptist Association, a precursor to the Centralia Baptist Association and Kaskaskia Baptist Association, was organized in 1840 and centered in the Vandalia, Illinois, area. It originated from the Saline Fraternity, which was organized in 1834, which in turn was an offspring of the Old South District of the Friends of Humanity.
The 2019 Sunshine Ladies Tour was the 6th season of the Sunshine Ladies Tour, a series of professional golf tournaments for women based in  South Africa.
The 6th PGA Golden Laurel Awards, honoring the best film and television producers of 1994, were held at the Regent Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Los Angeles, California on March 8, 1995. The nominees were announced on January 26, 1995.
An agreement signed between the Allied Powers of the First World War on September 10, 1919. The agreement was registered in the League of Nations Treaty Series on 21 October 1920.
The agreement was concerned with states which either were established or gained new territories following the dissolution of the Austro-Hungarian Empire - Romania, Poland, Yugoslavia and Czechoslovakia.
Article 1 of the agreement stipulated for the payment by the above governments of 1.5 billion Gold Francs as the cost for gaining these new territories. Article 2 laid the rules for distribution of the payments between the said above governments. Articles 3-5 stipulated the sums will be deducted from the war reparations these governments were to receive from the Austrian government.
The 2013 Special Olympics World Winter Games was a Special Olympics, a multi-sports event that was held in Pyeongchang, South Korea from January 29 through February 5, 2013. Though officially allocated to Pyeongchang, events were also held in Gangneung Indoor Ice Rink.
The Marathon de Mar del Plata is an annual marathon foot-race that takes place in Mar del Plata, Argentina, during the Southern Hemisphere's summer.
The Asia Cooperation Dialogue (ACD) is an intergovernmental organization created on 18 June 2002 to promote Asian cooperation at a continental level and to ensure coordination among different regional organizations such as the ASEAN, the Gulf Cooperation Council, the  Eurasian Economic Union, the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation, and the SAARC. It is the first international organization to cover the whole of Asia. Its secretariat is in Kuwait City.
1982 Uganda Cup was the eighth season of the main Ugandan football Cup.On 9 August 2011, Avis-Amur Flight 9209, an Antonov An-12 cargo aircraft of Avis Amur crashed during a domestic flight from Magadan to Keperveyem, Russia, killing all 11 people on board. An engine fire was reported en route and the aircraft crashed while attempting to return to Magadan.
The Weesp train disaster took place on 13 September 1918 near Weesp, Netherlands. With 41 deaths and 42 injuries, it was the largest train disaster in Dutch railway history until the 1962 Harmelen train disaster.
The 102 train from Amersfoort to Amsterdam derailed near the railway bridge over the Merwedekanaal near Weesp and dropped off the bank. Various wooden carriages were splintered, causing many casualties.
Hurricane Norman was a rare tropical cyclone that impacted California in early September 1978. The fourteenth named storm, eleventh hurricane, and sixth major hurricane of the 1978 Pacific season, Norman originated from a tropical wave that spawned an area of disturbed weather south of Acapulco. The system coalesced into a tropical depression on August 30 and thrived amid favorable environmental conditions, becoming a powerful Category 4 hurricane with winds of 140 mph (230 km/h) at its peak intensity. The system curved northward, passing into cooler waters that brought an end to its status as a tropical cyclone on September 6. However, its remnants combined with an trough and front over California, contributing to locally heavy rainfall that caused dozens of traffic accidents and sporadic power outages. In higher elevations, the system produced accumulating snow which stranded and killed many hikers throughout Sierra Nevada. Most heavily affected was California's raisin crop, which suffered a record-breaking 95 percent loss. Overall, Norman killed eight people and caused over $300 million in damage.2024 Colorado Proposition 131 is a proposed ballot measure that will appear before voters in Colorado during the 2024 general election. The citizen initiated proposition would replace Colorado's current partisan primaries with non-partisan blanket primaries and would implement ranked-choice (instant-runoff) voting for most statewide and state legislative general elections in which the top four candidates in the primary would qualify for the general election ballot.
The Harz Mountain Run (German: Harz-Gebirgslauf) is a mountain run, that has taken place since 1978 in October in Wernigerode in central Germany. Since 1990, its programme of events has included a marathon race, the Brocken Marathon, which is reckoned to be one of the toughest in Germany. Other events include a 22 km run and an 11 km run. In 2007 a 5 km run was offered for the first time that started at the same time as the 11 km run. The event attracts several thousand participants, e.g. in 2001 there were 3,500 and, in 2004, 3,110 runners finished, including 695 men and 73 women in the marathon. The record was achieved in 1987 with over 5,000 participants.
Fox Film Corp v. Doyal, 286 U.S. 123 (1932), was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court held that states may tax copyright royalties, as they can patent royalties, because even though copyrights & patents are granted by the federal government, they are still private property subject to taxation.
On the night of 17-18 September 2024, during the Russo-Ukrainian War, Ukraine launched a drone attack on the Main Missile and Artillery Directorate (GRAU) 107th arsenal ammunition depot in Toropets, causing a massive series of explosions and fires and shattering of windows across nearby towns. The main explosion caused a 82m-wide crater and a seismic wave of magnitude 2.5~2.8 on 18 September, 3:56 am, local time. Such supply chain disruption could reduce Russia's firepower in its war effort in Ukraine.
The 2018 Antrim Senior Football Championship is the 117th official edition of Antrim GAA's premier club gaelic football tournament for senior clubs in County Antrim. 12 teams compete with the winners receiving the Padraig McNamee Cup and representing Antrim in the Ulster Senior Club Football Championship. The Antrim championship has a straight knock-out format.
St Brigid's returned to the senior championship in 2018 after a one year exodus.
Lomh Dhearg were the defending champions after they defeated St John's in the 2017 final. 
St Joseph's Glenavy were relegated after finishing 12th respectively in the S.F.L.
On 21 October 2018, Erin's Own Cargin claimed their 8th S.F.C. when defeating Creggan Kickhams 0-5 to 0-4 in the final at Ahoghill.
The 1942 Belize hurricane was one of only two known hurricanes to strike Belize in the month of November, alongside Hurricane Lisa in 2022. The thirteenth observed tropical cyclone, eleventh tropical storm, and fourth hurricane of the 1942 Atlantic hurricane season, this storm was detected in the vicinity of Turks and Caicos Islands on November 5. Initially a tropical storm, it strengthened slowly while moving westward and then south-southwestward across the Bahamas. On November 6, the storm became a Category 1 hurricane on the modern day Saffir-Simpson hurricane wind scale. Later that day, it made landfall in Cayo Romano, Camagüey Province, Cuba. Impact in Cuba and the Bahamas was limited to lower barometric pressure readings and strong winds. While crossing Cuba, the system weakened to a tropical storm early on November 7, shortly before emerging into the Caribbean Sea. The storm re-strengthened into a hurricane later that day and headed southwestward.
Late on November 8, this system curved westward and intensified into a Category 2 hurricane. Six hours later, it peaked with winds of 110 mph (175 km/h). Early on November 9, the storm struck Caye Caulker and northern Belize District. Rapidly weakening, the system fell to tropical storm status within 12 hours of landfall. By early on November 10, it emerged into the Bay of Campeche. The storm meandered erratically until striking the Yucatán Peninsula on November 11 and dissipating hours later. Strong winds were observed in Belize and Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula. Severe damage was reported in the former. About 90% of structures in San Pedro Town were destroyed, while Newtown was obliterated, causing its residents to relocate and establish the village of Hopkins. Trees and crops such as coconuts also suffered heavy losses. Overall, nine deaths and approximately $4 million (1942 USD) in damage were reported.Black Friday, in British labour history, refers to 15 April 1921, when the leaders of transport and rail unions announced a decision not to call for strike action in support of the miners. The epithet 'black' derives from a widespread feeling amongst labour radicals that the decision amounted to a breach of solidarity and a betrayal of the miners.
Black Friday caused the 1921 United Kingdom census, which had been planned for 24 April, to be pushed back to June.
The Osnabruck mortar attack was an improvised mortar attack carried out by a Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) unit based in mainland Europe on 28 June 1996 against the British Army's Quebec Barracks at Osnabruck Garrison near Osnabruck, Germany.
A one-day strike action took place in Spain on 27 September 2024, led by the CGT trade union federation and multiple other organizations.
The 2017 South American Youth Games, also known as the II South American Youth Games, were a multi-sport event celebrated in Santiago, Chile. All 14 National Olympic Committees (NOCs) of the ODESUR were expected to compete.
The 2017 Polish Super Cup was held on 7 July 2017 between the 2016-17 Ekstraklasa winners Legia Warsaw and the 2016-17 Polish Cup winners Arka Gdynia.
The Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages (Scotland) Act 1965, is an act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, which amended the existing legislation controlling the registration system of births, deaths and marriages in Scotland founded in 1855. The Act set out the roles, responsibilities and functions of the Registrar General for Scotland, and the ability of the Registrar-General to appoint other Registrars. The Act also provides for a yearly report to be published by the Registrar-General delineating annual trends in Scotland's population - including estimated population size, birth rates, death rates and migration rates to be presented to Scottish Ministers.
The Act has been substantially amended in many areas with succeeding legislation, such as the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973, the Marriage (Scotland) Act 1977, the Adoption (Scotland) Act 1978, the British Nationality Act 1981 and the Scotland Act 1998. The Scotland Act transferred overall control of the Registrar General for Scotland and the General Register Office for Scotland from the Scottish Office to the Scottish Executive- the devolved government of Scotland. However many of the central functions of the General Register Office for Scotland continue to be governed by the Act.
Virgin Atlantic Flight 024 was a regularly scheduled Virgin Atlantic passenger flight from Los Angeles, California, to London, United Kingdom. On 5 November 1997, the Airbus A340 was forced to make an emergency landing at London Heathrow Airport after the left main landing gear failed to deploy. During the crash landing, the aircraft was damaged and later repaired. Of the 114 passengers and crew aboard, 7 were lightly injured.
The Bradina massacre was the mass murder of at least 48 Bosnian Serb civilians by joint Bosniak and Bosnian Croat forces on May 25, 1992, in the village of Bradina, located in the municipality of Konjic, during the Bosnian War.
Elections of the Dutch Senate were held on 26 May 2003, following the provincial elections on 11 March 2003. The 564 members of the twelve States-Provincial elected the 75 Senate members. The new Senate was installed on 10 June 2003. The term of office ended on 11 June 2007.
Regional elections were held on 13 May 2023 to elect the 37 members of the Regional Council of Nouakchott, as part of the 2023 Mauritanian regional elections.
The Canadian Heritage Rivers System is a joint program administered by the federal, provincial, and territorial governments to conserve and protect the best examples of Canada's river heritage, to give them national recognition, and to encourage the public to enjoy and appreciate them. It is a cooperative program of the governments of Canada, nine provinces, and the three territories. A 14-member national board, created under the Parks Canada Agency Act, administers the program and approves the designation of specific rivers.
Individual jurisdictions can co-nominate and co-designate their respective rivers or river segments in accordance with guidance from the program Charter, and Strategic Plan, and the Principles, Procedures and Operational Guidelines (PPOG).
Operation Essential Harvest (or Task Force Harvest) was a deployment mission in the Republic of Macedonia by NATO, officially launched on August 22, 2001, and effectively started on August 27. Because national contributions were larger than expected, the force ultimately grew to approximately 4,800 troops. Troops from 2nd Battalion, The Parachute Regiment, 9 Parachute Squadron RE and members of the SAS working in the A.O.R. The operation was headquartered in a fruit processing plant called Tri Krusi in Dracevo.
Network Rail Control Periods are the 5-year timespans into which Network Rail, the owner and operator of most of the rail infrastructure in Great Britain, works for financial and other planning purposes. Each Control Period begins on 1 April and ends on 31 March to coincide with the financial year. These periods were inherited from Railtrack, so that the earlier ones are retrospective, and not necessarily of 5 years duration.
As Network Rail is responsible for developing and maintaining railway infrastructure, the Control Periods are used to decide priorities for investment. Infrastructure developments have taken place or are planned as follows:
1894 Singapore Amateur Football Association Challenge Cup was the third season of the Amateur Challenge Cup, the predecessor of the Singapore Cup.
Two teams of the 10th Lincolnshire Regiment  met in the final, which wasn't settled throughout six replays. After the sixth replay, all 22 players names were entered into a hat, and 11 names were drawn out a hat to receive winners' medals, 8 of them from the second team and 3 from the first team.
The internal slave trade in the United States, also known as the domestic slave trade, the Second Middle Passage and the interregional slave trade, was the mercantile trade of enslaved people within the United States. It was most significant after 1808, when the importation of slaves from Africa was prohibited by federal law. Historians estimate that upwards of one million slaves were forcibly relocated from the Upper South, places like Maryland, Virginia, Kentucky, North Carolina, Tennessee, and Missouri, to the territories and then-new states of the Deep South, especially Georgia, Alabama, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Arkansas.
Economists say that transactions in the inter-regional slave market were driven primarily by differences in the marginal productivity of labor, which were based in the relative advantage between climates for the production of staple goods. The trade was strongly influenced by the invention of the cotton gin, which made short-staple cotton profitable for cultivation across large swathes of the upland Deep South (the Black Belt). Previously the commodity was based on long-staple cotton cultivated in coastal areas and the Sea Islands.
The disparity in productivity created arbitrage opportunities for traders to exploit, and it facilitated regional specialization in labor production. Due to a lack of data, particularly with regard to slave prices, land values, and export totals for slaves, the true effects of the domestic slave trade, on both the economy of the Old South and general migration patterns of slaves into southwest territories, remain uncertain. These have served as points of contention among economic historians. The physical effect of forced labor (on remote plantation camps plagued with yellow fever, cholera, and malaria), and social-emotional effect of family separation in American slavery, was nothing short of catastrophic.
Holiday Junction Featuring the Duke Energy Holiday Trains is a rail-themed holiday event held annually since 1996 at the Cincinnati Museum Center at Union Terminal in Cincinnati, Ohio. Its main attraction is a much older model railroad display, which is owned by CSX Transportation and sponsored by Duke Energy.
The War of the Second Coalition (1798/9-1801/2, depending on periodisation) was the second war targeting revolutionary France by many European monarchies, led by Britain, Austria, and Russia and including the Ottoman Empire, Portugal, Naples and various German monarchies. Prussia did not join the coalition, while Spain supported France.
The overall goal of Britain and Russia was to contain the expansion of the French Republic and to restore the monarchy in France, while Austria - weakened and in deep financial debt from the War of the First Coalition - sought primarily to recover its position and come out of the war stronger than when it had entered. In large part because of the difference in strategy among the three major allied powers, the Second Coalition failed to overthrow the revolutionary government, and French territorial gains since 1793 were confirmed. In the Franco-Austrian Treaty of Luneville in February 1801, France held all of its previous gains and obtained new lands in Tuscany, in Italy. Austria was granted Venetia and the former Venetian Dalmatia. Most other allies also signed separate peace treaties with the French Republic in 1801. Britain and France signed the Treaty of Amiens in March 1802, followed by the Ottomans in June 1802, which brought an interval of peace in Europe that lasted several months until Britain declared war on France again in May 1803. The renewed hostilities culminated in the War of the Third Coalition.
The Maternity (Amendment) Bill 2017, an amendment to the Maternity Benefit Act, 1961, was passed in Rajya Sabha on 11 August 2016, in Lok Sabha on 9 March 2017, and received an assent from President of India on 27 March 2017. The Maternity Benefit Act, 1961 protects the employment of women during the time of her maternity and entitles her of a 'maternity benefit' -i.e. full paid absence from work - to take care for her child. The Act is applicable to all establishments employing 10 or more than 10 persons in Factories, Mines, Plantation, Shops & Establishments and other entities. Establishments employing 50 or more employees are also required to provide creche facilities, either separately or along with common facilities within a prescribed distance.
The provisions of this act are effective from 1 April 2017. However, provision on creche facility (Section 11A) shall be effective from 1 July 2017. The Code on Social Security, 2020 consolidated the provisions of this and several other acts, repealing the acts in the process.
The 1969 Israel Super Cup was the sixth Israel Super Cup, an annual Israeli football match played between the winners of the previous season's Top Division and Israel State Cup, and the first time the competition was played under the IFA.
The match was played between Hapoel Tel Aviv, champions of the 1968-69 Liga Leumit and Hakoah Ramat Gan, winners of the 1968-69 Israel State Cup. At the match, played at Bloomfield Stadium, Hapoel Tel Aviv won 5-1.
During the Parade of Nations at the 2018 Asian Games opening ceremony, beginning at 19:00 WIB (UTC+7) on 18 August 2018, athletes bearing the flags of their respective nations led their national delegations as they paraded into the Gelora Bung Karno Stadium in the co-host city of Jakarta, Indonesia, preceded by their flag and placard bearer. Each flag bearer had been chosen either by the nation's National Olympic Committee or by the athletes themselves. In keeping with tradition, the host nation, Indonesia entered last. 44 teams marched in (43 nations and the Unified Korea team).
Although the Games were held in Indonesia, English was used to organize the Parade of Nations (as per Olympic Council of Asia protocol determines that this element could be held in French or the International Olympic Committee three-letter codes) instead of Indonesian, the official language of the nation. Had the parade followed the Indonesian script, Afghanistan would have been followed by Saudi Arabia, and Jordan would have been the penultimate country before Indonesia.
The Battle of Morogoro was fought during the East African Campaign of World War I.
The siege of Bani Walid was a military conflict in Libya.
Top Scientist and Technologist Award of Korea is one of two annual awards given in South Korea by the Korean Federation of Science and Technology Societies (ko) with the other being a government award for contribution to science and technology promotion. The Top Scientist and Technologist Award of Korea was started in 2003 as the successor to the Science and Technology Award of Korea which was established in 1968. The award is to foster honor and pride and create an environment in which people can focus on research and development by discovering and encouraging scientists and engineers with outstanding achievements who can represent South Korea. While previously given to multiple individuals, from 2003 only person is selected for each cycle. Laureates receive the award and 300 million KRW cash prize.
The 2020 Big West Conference women's basketball tournament was the postseason women's basketball tournament that was scheduled to take place March 10-14, 2020, at two venues in the Los Angeles area. The first two rounds were scheduled for the Walter Pyramid in Long Beach, California, while the semifinals and championship were to be held at the Honda Center in Anaheim. The winner of the Big West tournament would have received the conference's automatic bid to the 2020 NCAA Division I women's basketball tournament. On March 10 it was announced the tournament will be played without spectators, in an effort to prevent the spread of the coronavirus. On March 12, the NCAA announced that the tournament was cancelled due to the coronavirus pandemic.
The 2020 Charlotte Independence season was the club's sixth season of existence, and their sixth in the USL Championship (USLC), the second tier of American soccer.  This article covers the period from November 18, 2019, the day after the 2019 USLC Playoff Final, to the conclusion of the 2020 USLC Playoff Final, scheduled for November 12-16, 2020.
The 2021 Stockport Metropolitan Borough Council election were held on 6 May 2021, to elect members of Stockport Metropolitan Borough Council in England. This was on the same day as other local elections.
Stockport Council is elected in thirds, which means that in each three member local ward, one councillor is elected every year, except every four years which is classed as a fallow year.  These elections were originally scheduled for 2020 but were suspended for a year due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Due to the delayed election those councillors elected in 2021 will serve a three-year term, expiring in 2024.
The RBC Canadian Painting Competition was an open competition for emerging Canadian artists that was established in 1999. The RBC Canadian Painting Competition is supported by the Canadian Art Foundation, the publisher of Canadian Art (magazine). Initially naming three regional winners, since 2004 there were one national winner and two honourable mentions. The first two competitions had only winner and runner-up. The competition had 15 finalists, five from three regions in Canada, Eastern Canada (Quebec, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, PEI, Newfoundland and Labrador), Central Canada (Ontario), Western Canada (Manitoba, Saskatchewan, Alberta, British Columbia, Yukon, Northwest Territories, Nunavut). Three regional juries convened to determine one national winner and two honourable mentions from the 15 finalists. The national winner received a purchase prize of $25,000, the two honourable mentions each received $15,000 and the remaining 12 finalists receive $2,500 each. The winning work and the honourable mentions became part of the RBC Corporate Art Collection which holds more than 4,500 works. In 2016, 586 works were submitted. In 2008 an exhibition at the National Gallery of Canada in Ottawa and the Musée d'art contemporain de Montréal provided an overview of the first ten years of the competition. The RBC concluded the RBC Canadian Painting Competition in 2019.
The Summer of Love was a major social phenomenon that occurred in San Francisco during the summer of 1967. As many as 100,000 people, mostly young people, hippies, beatniks, and 1960s counterculture figures, converged in San Francisco's Haight-Ashbury district and Golden Gate Park.  More broadly, the Summer of Love encompassed hippie culture, spiritual awakening, hallucinogenic drugs, anti-war sentiment, and free love throughout the West Coast of the United States, and as far away as New York City. An episode of the PBS documentary series American Experience referred to the Summer of Love as "the largest migration of young people in the history of America".
Hippies, sometimes called flower children, were an eclectic group. Many opposed the Vietnam War, were suspicious of government, and rejected consumerist values. In the United States, counterculture groups rejected suburbia and the American way and instead opted for a communal lifestyle. Some hippies were active in political organization, whereas others were passive and more concerned with art (music, painting, poetry in particular) or spiritual and meditative practices. Many hippies took interest in ancient Indian religion, such as Hinduism and Buddhism.
Plano Balloon Festival is held each September at Oak Point Park and Nature Preserve in the city of Plano, Texas. It is one of the city's largest celebrations. The festival was cancelled in 2018 because of heavy rains and flooding. It was also cancelled in 2020 and 2021 from the  COVID-19 pandemic. It returned in September 2022.
Operation Frequent Wind was the final phase in the evacuation of American civilians and "at-risk" Vietnamese from Saigon, South Vietnam, before the takeover of the city by the North Vietnamese People's Army of Vietnam (PAVN) in the Fall of Saigon. It was carried out on 29-30 April 1975, during the last days of the Vietnam War. More than 7,000 people were evacuated by helicopter from various points in Saigon. The airlift resulted in a number of enduring images.
Evacuation plans already existed as a standard procedure for American embassies. At the beginning of March, fixed-wing aircraft began evacuating civilians from Tan Son Nhat Airport through neighboring countries. By mid-April, contingency plans were in place and preparations were underway for a possible helicopter evacuation. As the imminent collapse of Saigon became evident, the U.S. Navy assembled Task Force 76 off the coast near Vũng Tàu to support a helicopter evacuation and provide air support if required. In the event, air support was not needed as the North Vietnamese paused for a week at the outskirts of Saigon, possibly waiting for the South Vietnamese government to collapse and avoiding a possible confrontation with the U.S. by allowing the mostly-unopposed evacuation of Americans from Saigon.: 14 
On 28 April, Tan Son Nhut Air Base (next to the airport) came under artillery fire and attack from Vietnamese People's Air Force aircraft. The fixed-wing evacuation was terminated and Operation Frequent Wind began. During the fixed-wing evacuation 50,493 people (including 2,678 Vietnamese orphans) were evacuated from Tan Son Nhut. The evacuation took place primarily from the Defense Attaché Office compound, beginning around 14:00 on the afternoon of 29 April, and ending that night with only limited small arms damage to the helicopters. The U.S. Embassy in Saigon was intended to only be a secondary evacuation point for embassy staff, but it was soon overwhelmed with evacuees and desperate South Vietnamese. The evacuation of the embassy was completed at 07:53 on 30 April, but some Americans chose to stay or were left behind and some 400 third-country nationals were left at the embassy.
Tens of thousands of Vietnamese evacuated themselves by sea or air.  With the collapse of South Vietnam, numerous boats and ships, Republic of Vietnam Air Force (RVNAF) helicopters and some fixed-wing aircraft sailed or flew out to the evacuation fleet. Helicopters began to clog ship decks and eventually, some were pushed overboard to allow others to land. Pilots of other helicopters were told to drop off their passengers and then take off and ditch in the sea, from where they would be rescued.  In Operation Frequent Wind a total of 1,373 Americans and 5,595 Vietnamese and third-country nationals were evacuated by helicopter.: 258  The total number of Vietnamese evacuated by Frequent Wind or self-evacuated and ending up in the custody of the United States for processing as refugees to enter the United States totalled 138,869.: 92 
This operation was also the debut combat deployment of the F-14 Tomcat aircraft.
The 499 Nicopolis earthquake took place in September 499. It affected the cities of Nicopolis, Neocaesarea (modern Niksar), Arsamosata, and Abarne.
General elections were held in Western Samoa on 30 November 1926.
The 1994 NHL supplemental draft was the ninth and final NHL supplemental draft. It was held on June 28, 1994. It was limited to the ten teams that missed the 1994 Stanley Cup playoffs.
The 2018 Africa Beach Soccer Cup of Nations was the third edition of the Africa Beach Soccer Cup of Nations (BSAFCON), the premier beach soccer championship in Africa contested by men's national teams who are members of the Confederation of African Football (CAF). Originally organised by Beach Soccer Worldwide (BSWW) under the title FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup CAF qualifier (informally known as CAF Beach Soccer Championship), in 2015, CAF became organisers and began using the BSAFCON title to which the competition was officially renamed the next year. Overall, this was the 9th edition of the event.
The tournament was played in Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt; the North African country was awarded the hosting rights as they were the only nation to express interest by the deadline. The finals were held from 8-14 December. Qualification took place between 7-23 September. 
The event also acted as the qualification route for African teams to the 2019 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup in Paraguay; the winners and runners-up qualify.
Senegal were the defending champions and successfully defended their title, after defeating Nigeria 6-1 in the final to secure their 5th title.
The Constitution of the Federated States of Micronesia is the supreme law of the Federated States of Micronesia. It was adopted in 1979.
The European Federation of Biotechnology (EFB) was established by European scientists in 1978. It is a non-profit federation of national biotechnology associations, learned societies, universities, scientific institutes, biotechnology companies and individual biotechnologists working to promote biotechnology throughout Europe and beyond.
Its mission is to promote the safe, sustainable and beneficial use of life sciences, to promote cutting edge research and innovation, to provide a forum for interdisciplinary and international cooperation, to improve scientific education and to facilitate an informed dialogue between scientists, the biotechnology industries and the public.
The 2022 European Junior Judo Championships was held at the UNYP Arena in Prague, Czech Republic, from 15 to 18 September 2022. The final day of competition featured a mixed team event.













